humans have been classified as a kind of the kingdom
animal
we belong to the group of tertiary consumers who are predatory
and we are located at the apex of the food chain because we consume
everything that is around us
humans are vertebrate animals
mammals deputies
I eat hours
but we have unique characteristics
that make us different from all the other members of the animal kingdom
unlike other animals we have adapted completely walk upright
on the legs they release with these strokes and hands with which we have
developed a great ability to make tools and apply
technology
the domain of the game is perhaps the first technological advance
that further improves the chances of survival
since it allowed us to cook food
all human beings have an extreme measure to develop
a frame
He speaks at waist the most sophisticated communication system and
complex in the animal kingdom
but also we humans have an incredible memory
that is, we have history
and inherit from our ancestors the assets and skills that resulted from
Years of experiences and discoveries
and what constitutes what we call
p
these exclusive characteristics of the species
they have allowed us to achieve levels of adaptation to the environment very effective